Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
Hello, my name is Arpan Goswami and I live in India, a country with a low per capita income. I'm applying for Financial Aid for the course Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization, and Optimization because I do not have any source of income. I don't earn enough money hence I can't afford the full tuition at this time of my life and career. If I receive Financial Aid for this course will help me get valuable knowledge in the field of Deep Learning and help me to continue in the specialization of Deep Learning. Receiving financial aid will allow me to focus on my studies and help me to become a decent Deep Learning practitioner. I want to invest in my career and my education, but at this moment I can only invest my time to increase my knowledge and advance in my career and not the money. Hopefully, this will change in the upcoming years since I'm currently working hard to change the tide.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?
As you will know, deep learning has really taken off in the last few years. Having Deep Learning on your cv along with a bit of practical experience using it really adds sheen to one's resume. As I am currently not doing well financially and in dire need of a job Deep Learning will certainly aid me in my pursuit. I have discovered a keen interest in Deep Learning of late and I am really itching to improve my knowledge of this subject. I recently completed the first course of the Deep Learning Specialisation Neural Networks and Deep Learning well ahead of the deadline. Gaining a sound foundation in the area of Deep Learning will hence allow me to have an advantage over other candidates when it comes to job hunting. I have already earmarked a few listings requiring Deep Learning practitioners and I will be incredibly grateful if given this opportunity.

If you answered no, please help us understand why.
Since I do not have a job right now as well as for the foreseeable future, paying back for the loan will prove to be difficult considering the ever-increasing exchange rate for USD vs INR.